alright guys welcome to my money making
guide and this guy has no requirements
except they think you have to do lost
city I think that's what it's called so
you can get Suzanne Daris so what you
want to do versus buy some young game
playing jars or baby and bling jars you
can just go to the runescape website
gran exchange and look search in bling
jars and look for whichever ones are
cheaper than the empty link in bling jar
cheapest ones right now we're a young
gambling jar so I bought these for over
the GE price and it took some time to
buy so I bought these for 10 to 100 2007
hundred GP I'm just gonna go to pearl
pearl and exchange these for emptying
jars and from there on we're going to
see how much profit we make so I'll go
do this right now so the fastest way to
probably get there is very rings sorry
if you haven't done very tail quests you
can use a dream and staff on the wheel
the dream and stuff and go to that yes
you can call it a Catalan South alum
bridge so once you come into the air as
you go to the wheat field to the east
and just now click in the center of the
crop circle and you'll come to the pearl
pearl and you want to find this guy I'll
knock Inquisitor and exchange not
exchange you wanna click trade and the
bottom one right here
so I accidentally brought too many oh
I'm gonna toss this video come right
back on I've actually got the right
amount and I'm back so I that's
deposited my fing jars in front nine
this time since then I can actually have
not faced for all the empty ones so you
click the trade i type of employing jar
from 3m tinkling jars and you have to do
this if you have to click select the
number of inputting jars whatever you
wanna call it and this click confirm and
now I've got a 27 inputting jars in my
inventory and I'm quickly gonna finish
all this off and then I'm gonna resume
and sell them at the GE and this is a
lot of sampling jar and that took about
seven to eight minutes to do it's fairly
quickly i think it's like 30 to 45
seconds per run so after this i'm just
gonna sell them I think this I think we
made an insane profit at the beginning I
forgot it's actually 11 impinger makes
three empty and bling jars so it doesn't
actually have to be under the inputting
jar price at the GE so yeah that's a
mistake I made at the beginning now this
is the thing I hate about this if you're
clicking around it yet get exactly in
one spot in order to leave which gets so
annoying and then Ferring back to
edgeville code is DKR i think in one of
my videos absently set dks tkr
okay let's see how much they sell for
and it's a holy ok that's a 520,000
profit in seven minutes so I'm gonna
calculate this right now so that's about
nine rounds per minute so 520,000 this
is 4.5 mil per hour holy
okay so use this guide when you can well
as soon as you learn about it I don't
think it's going to crash that quickly
because I just saw there's actually a
bunch of bots and pearl pearl now for
some reason yeah so thanks for watching
hopefully you subscribe and hopefully
you use this method before it gets for
too many people started using it